ADITYA MAVLE
+917620469531 ⋄Pune, IN
adityamavle@gmail.com ⋄linkedin.com/adityamavle ⋄github.com/adityamavle
OBJECTIVE
To start a journey into Machine Learning and AI with strong knowledge and right mindset.
EDUCATION
B.E: ETC, Data Science(Honors): Pune Institute of Computer Technology Expected 2024
CGPA:9.09
HSC: Rajiv Gandhi School and Junior College 2018-2020
82 %
ICSE: The Bishop’s School,Camp,Pune 2006-2018
92 %
SKILLS
Programming Languages Python(and it’s ML Stack Libraries) |C++|SQL
Frameworks/Tools TensorFlow |Scikit-Learn |OpenCV |Docker |OpenVINO |Git|Django
Technical Interests Neural Networks |Statistical Modeling |NLP|CV|DSA
Soft Skills Team Player |Analytical |Persistent |Proactive
EXPERIENCE
PrimeNumerics Consulting Inc. :ML Intern Jan-2022-March-2022
Analysis of Electronic Health Records using NLP.
•Performed semantic analysis of patient health records to maintain patient profile and assess health conditions
using NER and BERT.
Pune Institute of Computer Technology :Research Intern (link) June 2022-Aug 2022
Designing a Backup File System and maintaining File-Tag mapping for searchability.
•Built a Backup System using Python Socket Programming for file storage in chunked format.Maintained cata-
logue of files and their chunk mapping.
•Generated descriptive tags on the files using NLP and CV tasks of topic modeling, name entity recognition,
abstractive summarization, image and video classification.
•Tagged text-based files containing sensitive information and PII data to protect user data.Built a module utilising
concepts of cosine similarity,query matching and keyword extraction for this.
John Hopkins University (BJGMC-JHU Clinical Trials Unit) :Research Intern (link) Sept 2022-Present
Simulation study of a Tuberculosis affected population and the influence of various Risk Factors on the Treatment
Outcomes.
•Analyzing datasets and mapping out correlations between influencing features.
•Simulated a TB-affected population and their treatment outcomes,based on mapped out correlations.Simulated
clinical interventions for the risk factors of alcohol,smoking,depression,diabetes so as to improve their outcomes.
•Hypothesis testing and statistical power analysis of various treatment and control variables,to determine the
right sample size,to observe the improvement in treatment outcomes in a real world scenario.
•Deployed a FastAPI application on the web using Render for the simulation of datasets and Power Analysis of
the population.
UST Global :Project Intern Nov 2022-Feb 2023Multimodal Classification using OpenVINO Runtime Environment and Inference Engine
•Configured and Worked with OpenVINO Runtime environment and inference engine to build,train,test and run
model inferences for various applications.
•Trained various models on the Multimodal concept which included the applications of Multimodal Face-Detection-
Recognition,Object and Pose Detection,nested image classification and motion detection.
•Built an end to end Attendance System,utilising a face detection and a face recognition model utilising Multi-
modal execution.
FOSSEE,IIT Bombay :Software Development Intern Feb 2023-May 2023
Developing new features for Osdag(a software for the design and analysis of steel structures) in the areas of backend,
GUI development,automation using shell scripting,docker containers etc.Contributed for the task of building Osdag
on web.
•Configured and tested APIs in Django Rest Framework for application functionalities on web
•Built a web-based CAD model viewer and graphics renderer using ThreeJS framework.
•Implemented a CAD model converter for interoperability between multiple formats.
IIIT Hyderabad: Centre for Visual Information Technology :Summer Research Intern (link)
June 2023-Present
Developing a Robust Word Detector for Indic Languages Documents.Formation of a Benchmark dataset of Indic
Languages.
•Finetuning a model based on Differential Binnarization Resnet50,capable of detecting words in all types of indic
language documents.
•Evaluation of previous versions of the word detector on Benchmark datasets.
•Currently working on the development of docTR-v3, a fine-tuned detector model utilising the framework of
docTR.
PERSONAL PROJECTS
Document Analyzer An Api for performing natural language processing operations of abstractive summariza-
tion,keyword extraction and word-query searching.
Auto-Encoders Stroke Disease Prediction A Novelty Anomaly Detection based approach for the problem of
Stroke Disease Prediction utilising Autoencoders.
Handwritten Text Recognition Detection and Recognition of Handwritten Digits and Letters using Object De-
tection and OCR-based methods.
Sentiment Analysis using BERT A fine tuning experiment of sentiment analysis of written text using BERT
pre-trained model.
NGO Directory and Search Engine A website for a domain wise directory and search engine for NGOs.
EXTRA-CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES
•TEDx PICT: Volunteer for the Curations and Content Teams. Interviewing onboarding, scripting of event
speakers,article writing on the TEDx PICT blog and co-organising our annual event; TEDx PICT Marcato
22’.(link)
•PISB(PICT IEEE Student Branch):Credenz 21’ Organising Team.Problem statement setting and Dataset prepa-
ration for DataWiz 21’ a Kaggle-based Machine Learning competition.(link) Member of the Marketing Team.
•PICT INC(Impetus and Concepts):Member of the Concepts Team in the annual flagship event of our col-
lege;PICT INC.Responsible for coordinating of meetings between the project evaluation committee and the
contestants.