Anushka Mane
♂phone+91 9172264145 /envel⌢peanushkamane17@gmail.com /linkedinlinkedin.com/in/anushka-mane /githubgithub.com/AnushkaMane8
Education
Pune Institute of Computer Technology Pune, India
B.E. (Electronics and Telecommunications Engineering) - CGPA 8.5 2020-Present
Noble Junior College Pune, India
12th grade (HSC Board) - Secured 80.62% 2018-2020
The Bishop’s co-ed school, Undri Pune, India
10th grade (ICSE Board) - Secured 94.2% 2018
Experience
Website Development Intern March 2023 – May 2023
Eco Credible Enviro Solutions Pvt. Ltd. Pune
∗Developed a website for a waste management company with user interfaces involving modern JavaScript frameworks,
HTML5 and CSS3.
∗Troubleshot and debugged code ensuring compatibility with devices, browsers, and operating systems.
∗Adhered to best practices for software development methodology.
Junior Project Intern July 2023 – Present
CyberMeru Technologies Pune
∗Developed the frontend for an asset management software using MaterialPro React Redux Admin with hooks.
∗Worked on the inventory ERP module as a product for the company.
Projects
Soil Monitoring and Analysis System
∗Incorporated sensors to collect data on soil moisture, temperature and humidity.
∗Processed and analysed the collected data using Random Forest Classifier and CNN to provide insights into the health
and fertility of the soil and any potential farming issue that may arise.
∗Utilised an irrigation motor to irrigate the dry soil samples.
Cryptocurrency Tracker
∗A Cryptocurrency tracking website built using ReactJS, MaterialUI and ChartJS.
∗It allows the users to have a dashboard and log in using either their Google or email accounts.
∗Implemented using ContextAPI and CoinGeckoAPI.
Technical Skills
Languages : Python, Java, C/C++, SQL, JavaScript, HTML/CSS
Developer Tools : Git, VS Code, PyCharm, Eclipse, Figma
Technologies/Frameworks : ReactJS
Libraries : Pandas, NumPy, Matplotlib, Scikit Learn, Bootstrap
Certifications:
∗Accelerated Computer Science Fundamentals - Specialization (3 courses) - University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign
∗Mathematics for Machine Learning - Specialization (3 courses) - Imperial College London
Volunteer Experience and Positions of Responsibility
∗Operations Head - TEDxPICT (May 2022 – February 2023)
∗Social Media Representative and Instagram Lead - PICT Newsletter and Brochure club (May 2022 – February 2023)
∗External Affairs Committee Member - PICT Debate Society (January 2022 – May 2022)