Anushka De
Pune, Maharashtra
♂phone+91 7972072105 /envel⌢peanushkade22@gmail.com /linkedinhttps://www.linkedin.com/in/anushkade2002/
Education
Pune Institute of Computer Technology 2020 - 2024
Bachelor of Engineering in Information Technology [CGPA of 9.39] Maharashtra, India
The Orbis School 2018 - 2020
CBSE [Aggregate of 95%] Maharashtra, India
Pawar Public School 2008 - 2018
ICSE [Aggregate of 95.80%] Maharashtra, India
Experience
Spring Up Solution June 2023 – July 2023
SDE Intern
•The project is to develop an airplane booking system for a travel agency to streamline the flight reservation process and
enhance customer satisfaction. The system provides a user-friendly interface for both customers and agency staff.
•I contributed on both the front and back ends of the project. I was given the responsibility of creating APIs for the
backend. The task was to carry out login functionalities, such as JWT token authentication, user registration, forget
password, change password, update, and delete user. For sending emails using the forgot password API, I also used AWS
SES. For frontend, created the admin user dashboard and a simple login page.
•My responsibilities included unit testing, frontend and API development, and communication with the team lead and
other team members.
•Technologies used were - HTML, CSS, React.js, Node.js, Express.js, MySQL.
Projects
My College Network April 2021- November 2021
College group project Pune, India
•We have successfully created a dynamic and interactive social networking platform tailored specifically for college
students. Website makes it easy for students to interact and connect with one another.
•One of the key features I focused on was developing a user-friendly interface exclusively for club administrators. This
interface empowers them to effortlessly post vital notices within their respective club groups.
•Additionally, for students interested in joining groups, our platform provides a quick registration process.
•Technologies used were - HTML, CSS, Javascript, Bootstrap, Django, Firebase.
IoT based Smart Car Parking System December 2020- February 2021
Project Based Learning Pune, India
•The project is an innovative IoT-based car parking system that optimizes parking space utilization and enhances user
convenience. The system employs various sensors and technologies to provide real-time information about parking
availability and enables users to reserve parking spots remotely..
•My role in the project was to create an interface that will show whether a particular parking slot is booked, occupied or
free and also allow the user to book a parking slot according to their choice.
•Technologies used were - HTML, CSS, Javascript, Arduino Uno.
Achievements
•Certification in Accelerated Computer Science Fundamentals by University of Illinois including the courses-
Object-Oriented Data Structures in C++, Ordered Data Structures and Unordered Data Structures
•3 star on Codechef and 5 star in C++ on Hackerrank.
•Solved 300+ questions on various coding platforms.
Technical Skills
Languages : Java, C++
Database : MySQL, Firebase
Technologies/Frameworks/Libraries/other : HTML, CSS, Javascript, Bootstrap, Node.js, Express.js, Git, Postman
Concepts : Data Structures, Object Oriented Programming