ARCHISHA MULMULAY 
Pune, Maharashtra • archishamulmulay@gmail.com • 7038365865 • linkedin.com/in/Archisha Mulmulay 
 
EDUCATION 
 
Pune Institute of Computer Technology Pune, India 
Bachelor of Engineering Feb 2023 
 
Indira National School Pune, India 
Class 10th May 2018 
Indira National School Pune, India 
Class 12th July 2020 
PROJECTS 
 
Security System (Smart Home Intercom) May 22 
 Developed an android app that tracks and alerts about visitors at home/office. 
 It has a functionality to send voice notes and messages to visitors and other family members. 
 Different accounts can be linked to different devices in the family. 
 Deep Convolutional Neural Network is used for detection of faces. 
Traffic Management System (Pothole Detection) Dec 22 
 Visualization of potholes by using images from pre-installed cameras. 
 Digital image processing used for detection open manholes and potholes. 
 Over speeding of vehicle is computed and can alert the driver regarding overspending. 
 Predict the traffic at a particular traffic signal. 
Asteroid Detection Aug 22 
 Analyze the diameter of the asteroid with an AI algorithm .
 Predict the impact of a particular asteroid if nearing to the earth’s surface. 
 Visualize the orbit of a particular asteroid. 
 Astrometrica software which focuses on the measurement of minor bodies in space. 
Grading System for Customized Subjective Questions Apr 23 
 Uses generative AI for grading a specific question. 
 Various categories of questions with a particular weightage 
 Grading scale is used to assign grades either on numerical scale or letter grading system. 
 Generates meaningful reports and feedback. 
 
TECHNICAL SKILLS 
 
Language: Python, C++, SQL, HTML, Java, Mongo DB, JavaScript 
Framework: Bootstrap (Basic) 
Developer Tools: GitHub, VS Code, Visual Studio, PyCharm, Eclipse 
Libraries: NumPy, pandas, Matplotlib 
System: Windows, Linux 
CERTIFICATIONS/VOLINTEER 
 
Machine Learning: Introduction to Machine Learning and Datamining (Coursera) 
Full Stack Development: Complete Full Stack Development (Skill Up) 
Volunteered in Dataquest Organizing a contest revolving around Data Science and Machine Learning 
 
HOBBIES AND INTREST 
 
 Skating
 Mandala Art 
 Calligraphy 
 Reading