 
Arunima Garg  
 
Arudidy02@gmail.com  
 
 
Pursuing 7th Semester  BTech,  Computer Science, PICT, Pune  
 
 
 
In pursuit of challenging assignments that would help me use my skills and passion for the organization’s success  
 
 
I am a passionate developer who wants to learn new things. I have a knack for coding and communication. I love 
working as a volunteer and love cooking in my free time .  
 
In my pursuit of learning , I have done the following  
 
1. Used Flask and MongoDB for my int ernship project at UIAI Technologies  
2. Used Python and Flask for creating a Dashboard at Northern Trust Hackathon  
3. Used Tableau and SQL for analyzing Attrition data for an IT Services Organization  
4. Used Tableau for analyzing sales data for an AI and Analytics organization.  
5. Volunteered for a very large global testing conference #ATAGTR2022  
6. Currently I am participating in “Technology for Good” an All-India Hackathon  where our idea is selected in 
the Top 30 0 
7. Used Flutter for creating app-based  projects .  
8. Used CSS, HTML, and JavaScript  for front -end projects.  
9. Completed college projects in Cryptocurrency  and Data Science projects  on Covid Data  
10. Prepared research presentation on blockchain  
 
TECHNICAL PROFICIENCY  
 
• web development : JavaScript, CSS, HTML  
• App Development: Flutter and DA RT 
• Data Analytics: Python, SQL, Tableau  
• Programming Languages: Python, Java, C++   
• AI / ML : Python libraries : NumPy, Pandas, MatplotLib, Sklearn  
 
 
INTERNSHIPS  AND VOLUNTEERING ACTIVITIES  
 
1. UIAI Technologies (August 2022 to January 2023)  
 
The application  was Python Flask based and was used for Accessibility Testing of web apps. The application 
won second prize in the hackathon conducted by the Government of India. Th e UAIAI team is trying to 
commercialize this application. I was working as an intern/Trainee there and helped  them in their coding 
initiatives. I work ed on Py thon, Flask, and MongoDB.  
 
2. QAAgility Technologies ( March 2023 to August 2023 ) 
https://qaagility.com/   
 
Worked as a Data Analyst intern and helped create an HR Analytics dashboard using Tableau. This was intended 
to analyze the attrition rate within a firm. The dashboard provided an interactive and user -friendly platform  
that enabled HR professionals to quickly identify the factors contributing to employee turnover and proactively  
retain valuable employees.  
 
3. Agile Testing Alliance Global Testing Retreat 2022   
ATAGTR2022 was the 7th edition of the Global Testing retreat organized by Agile Testing alliance. I was part of 
the track management and hosting committee. https://gtr2022.agiletestingalliance.org/organizing -team   
 
 
 
 
COLLEGE PROJECTS  
 
1. College project:  Exploratory Data Analysis of Covid Vaccination data of India  in 6th Semester  
Used Python libraries – NumPy, Pandas, MatplotLib, Sklearn to analyse covid data analysis  
 
2. Prepared research paper on Blockchain  in the 5th Semester  
 
3. College Project: Prepared cryptocurrency  for a college campus – I worked on the algorithm (proof of work) in 
this group project.  
 
4. College Project: created a website – Sociapedia. I worked on MongoDB in this group project  
 
5. Training Project : Used Tableau for analyzing sales data for an AI and Analytics organization  
 
6. College Project: Created a mobile app using flutter and DART  
 
 
 
 
TRAININGS  
 
• Underg oing the following training  
 
❖ Data Science and Analytics program by Scaler Academy  
 
 
ACADEMIC CREDENTIALS  
 
Pursuing B -Tech in Computer Science from PICT, Pune  
Semester  GPA 
I 9.95 
II 10 
III 9.36 
IV 8.41 
V 9.19 
VI Results Awaited  
 
12th Standard : 89.23 %  
10th Standard: 97.5 %  
 
I was the school prefect in 9th and 10th grade.  
I won an inter-school  debate competition.  
I won the best goalkeeper award in Hand Ball competition in 9th grade.  
I came third in a photography competition in 9th and 10th grade.  
 
PERSONAL DETAILS  
 
Languages Known:   English and Hindi  
Mailing Address:            55 Bhagat ki kothi, Extension Scheme, Jodhpur (Rajasthan)  
 
 
 
(Arunima Garg ) 