Electronics and Telecommunication 7atharvkulkarni@gmail.com 
https://www.linkedin.com/in/atharv-kulkarni-55a695206/ 
C++ 
MySQL Python 
DBMS To secure a responsible career opportunity, use my current knowledge and skills and expand it such that it will 
prove benecial for the organization. 
8975115766 
https://github.com/atharvxaa 
Problem Solving  Writing HTML          CSS 
Machine-Learning 
Music Java EDUCATION 
WORK EXPERIENCE 
EXTRA-CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES SKILLS 
CERTIFICATES PERSONAL PROJECTS 
Data Science Intern
Oasis Infobyte B.E. 
Pune Institute of Computer Technology, Pune 
12th HSC 
Sanjay Ghodawat Junior College, Atigre, Kolhapur 
10th SSC 
S.P.M English Medium School, Parshuram,Chiplun Electronics and Telecommunication Undergraduate 
2023 - Present,
Courses 
Aggregate – 95 % Aggregate -81.85 % 
• Won State Level Elocution Competition at Karad . 
It was a great experience to get along and express myself 
in front of contestants from all over the state • Role in the writing section of the skit of Purshottam Karandak 
play. Had a good experience about the process in a cultural play. Event Management Head • Headed the cultural event Addiction Of our
college Managed Venue and Logistics department of 
The event successfully .Maintained the coordination between the
Cultural Department of the college and the volunteers. 03/2023 - 04/2023, 
Developed Machine learning models using the given datasets 
By applying machine learning algorithms and data analysis algorithms 
Sales Analysis was one of the good projects developed in my internship 
experience. 8.63CGPA 
by IIT Kanpur (NPTEL) Developed a hardware project consisting of converting AC power supply to
Dc power supply .Average dissipated power can be controlled with the help
of Thyristors used and the pulses can be analyzed. .
Purshottam Karandak (2022)  PICT ADDICTION HEAD (05/2023) 
State Level Elocution Competition (2015) 
Successfully made software project of Uber Data Analysis using Numpy and
pandas. It typically helps in understanding the behavior of the 
Booking of cabs from a particular area and plan or provide future offers 
Based on the analysis made . Uber Data Analysis (05/2023) 
Thyristor Based Rectifier (04/2023)  
Developing Soft Skills and Personality 
Creation of a Multi-Table Database consisting of Student , Department 
tables and performing CRUD - Create Read Update Delete operations on 
them. 
Good Understanding of DBMS concepts such Constraints , Normalisation , 
etc using various DDL , DML queries on the database. Student Management System (MySQL) (10/2022) Atharv Kulkarni 
  Twitter Data Pipeline using Airflow
Successfully made a data pipelining project using airflow and
python. In this project we will extract data from twitter API and
then use python to transform data, deploy the code on Airflow/EC2
and save the final result on Amazon S3  
INTERESTS
Data AnalysisSports Oratory