OMKAR BHOSALE
+91 9822433280 ⋄Pune, INDIA
omkarbhosale277@gmail.com ⋄My Linkedin ⋄My Github
OBJECTIVE
A Computer Engineering student seeking an SDE internship. Interested in Web Development, Data Science, and
Economics.
EDUCATION
Pune Institute of Computer Technology
BE Computer Engineering CGPA: 8.7 Expected 2024
Honors in Data Science
Relevant Coursework: Object Oriented Programming, Data Structures and Algorithms, Database Management Sys-
tems, System Programming, and Operating Systems.
The Data Science Course 2023: Complete Data Science Bootcamp
City Pride Junior College
12th Std Percentage: 87% , JEE MAINS: 98.78 2018-2020
SKILLS
Technical Skills JavaScript, C++, Java, Reactjs, Nodejs, MySql, Github, Linux, Python
Data Science Numpy, Pandas, Matplotlib, scikit-learn, TensorFlow, nltk
EXPERIENCE
Intern Jan 2022 - March 2022
Pustakwale Pune
•Performed Exploratory Data Analysis on previous years’ Sales Figures to understand Sales Performances in
Active Areas.
•Developed a Sales Visit Scheduler to prioritize Company’s Expansion and Revenue
•Used the Scheduler to develop a 4-month schedule for Company Visits to targeted Societies.
PROJECTS
Scientific Paper Rater
Built a website that rates Scientific Papers based on the journal and conferences. Provided a ranking system to
indicate the best researchers in the institute.Used JWT for authentication and built the site using MERN stack.
(Source Code)
Legal Text Summarizer
Build an extractive unsupervised text summarizer for legal text using sentence embedding from roBERTa encoder
and K means clustering. Used Libraries like numpy, pandas, NLTK
Given a text it extracts key sentences important to the gist of the text.
FireClassifier
Contributed to a research project focused on investigating the behavior of a neural network black box when logically
extracted features are added during the training process. Implemented masking scripts and U-NET segmentation
techniques to enhance fire detection and segmentation. Utilized OpenCV, TensorFlow, and PyTorch for image
processing and deep learning tasks. Collaborated with the team to analyze the impact of incorporating extracted
features on the model’s performance. (Source Code)
EXTRA-CURRICULAR ACTIVITIESEvent Lead of the Event Reverse Coding at Pulzion 2023
•Created Questions, generated test cases and lead the team successfully to conduct the event offline.
Member of DEBSOC PICT
•Participated in Debate Competition conducted by Shri Navalmal Firodia Law College.