JAYDEEP DATRE
/githubJayDp13 |/linkedinJaydeep Datre |
/envel⌢peJaydeep Datre |♂¶obile+919405455375
Objective
Secure a responsible career opportunity to fully utilize my training and skills, while making a significant
contribution to the success of the company and Environment.
Education
JULY 2020 - Present Pursuing BE in Computer Engineering at PICT
2017 Class 10th (CBSE) at Hon. Sharad Pawar Public School Nashik (9.8/10)
2019 Class 12th (MH board) at B.V. Public School and Jr. college Nashik (80.62)
Skills
Programming Languages - C++, Java, Mysql, HTML, CSS.
Languages - English, Hindi and Marathi.
Projects
Hospitality Room Manager
The project is implemented using Swing GUI widget toolkit and MYSQL database. The hotel managing
software saves time spent on manual updates. The System provides the access:- (i) Add room details,
easily update, delete records and view all records. (ii) Customer Check in insert all record including room
details, (iii) Customer Check out and Calculate bill automatically. (iv) Auto Generate Bill when Customer
Checkout. (v) Store Bill Details in future see and print this bill. Installation Technology Used:- JAVA,
AWT and Swing Tools Used:- Apache Net-Beans for Coding JDBC for database Connectivity Database:-
MYSQL for Storing Transaction history.
PixelLock: Image Cryptographer
The Image Encryption and Decryption project in Java aims encrypting and decrypting images using the
Java OOP concepts. This project utilizes Java’s AWT (Abstract Window Toolkit) and Swing libraries to
create a user-friendly graphical interface, allowing users to encrypt and decrypt their images with ease..
Achievements
SPORTS - NATIONAL and STATE level Volleyball Champion, and participated at various Volleyball
tournaments at various levels and colleges.
Participated at various Extra co-curricular activities as Elocution and Debates.
Experience - Managing Head of PICT Elevate 2023 event.
Certification courses
Completed courses for C++ and Data Structures and Algorithms.
Interest
Problem solving and Analysis, Reading Books.
Sports - Volleyball and Badminton.