Maitreyee Khunte
PERSONAL PROFILE
A computer engineering student passionate about learning new
technologies and exploring the world of data. To secure a challenging
engineering position as a fresher, where I can leverage my technical
expertise, creative problem-solving abilities, and passion for innovation
to contribute effectively to the success and growth of the organization.
SOFTWARE SKILLS
C++, Python
HTML, CSS, JavaScript
SQL
Python libraries for Data Analysis- Pandas, NumPy,
Seaborn, Matplotlib 
Microsoft PowerBI
SKILLS
Engaging presentation skills
Effective leadership
Critical thinking and problem solving
Collaboration and teamwork
Organization and management
EDUCATION BACKGROUND
Pune Institute of Computer Technology
(Affiliated to Savitribai Phule Pune University)
BE- Computer | 2020-Present
CGPA- 8.88
Indian Institute of Technology, Madras
Online BSc- Programming and Data Science
2020-Present
Dr. Kalmadi Shamarao Junior College
Higher Secondary School | 2018-2020
Percentage- 88.31Road Accident Analysis | Krios Info Solutions
Developed a dynamic Dashboard to delve into the details of the accidents
that took place in the UK in 2021-22 based on severity, vehicle type, road
type, weather, etc.
Rainfall Predictor | University, Pune
Trained different models to analyze the various parameters, compare output
of the models and to predict the probability of rainfall, with the use of Python
libraries.
Wind Energy Prediction | University, Pune
Trained and compared the results if two different models for a wind energy
dataset and predicted the output power of a turbine.
Hostel Management System | University, Pune
Developed a website-based Hostel Management System, with an aim of
reducing the paperwork and making the overall process more smooth.PROJECTSPROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Krios Info Solutions  |  Data Analytics Intern
02/06/2023 – Present
Working on Microsoft PowerBI to implement various stages of Data
Analytics Lifecyle viz. Preprocessing, Modelling, Analysis and Visualization 
 Generating interactive Dashboards
Oasis Infobyte |  Web Development Intern
12/02/2023-12/03/2023
Developed responsive and user-friendly websites using HTML, CSS and
JavaScript.
Supported testing and debugging effortsCONTACT
mmkhunte@gmail.com
Pune, Maharashtra+91 7350348100
https://www.linkedin.com/in/maitreyee-
khunte-60a8a620b/
presented a paper on the in-demand topic 'Industry 5.0', including its
evolution from 1.0, technologies associated and significance.
emphasized the concept of Sustainability and the necessity to
implement it.
collaboratively designed a LIT Spinner, under the sub-theme of 'Scientific
Toy Design for Kids'.
LIT Spinner demonstrated the scientific concepts of- Centrifugal Force in
circular motion, Faraday's Laws of Electromagnetic Induction and
Newton's Colour Wheel Concept.Paper Presentation, GCeMP 2023 | Ganpat University, Gujarat 
February 2023
Aakruti 2021, Zonal Round |  Dassault Systems 
March 2022ACHIEVEMENTSEXTRA-CURRICULAR 
Sponsorship Head, Addiction'23 | PICT
Identified and approached potential sponsors for our
college's annual cultural festival, while also
coordinating and guiding my junior teammates.
Event Organizer, Xenia'22 | PCSB, PICT
Volunteered to organize the 'Campus to Corporate'
sub-event for Xenia'22, the annual flagship event of
PCSB(PICT CSI Student Branch).
Delegate of Honduras, UNDP | IMUN
Participated in the International Model United Nations
2021 and expressed my views on the topic 'Ensuring
healthy lives and promoting well-being for all' for UNDP.
Volunteer | Women in Data Science(WiDS),Pune 2021
Contributed in Data Science Summit 2021 where I was
tasked with moderating the online booths.
LANGUAGES
English, Hindi, Marathi, GermanHOBBIES
Dancing,  Gardening, Travelling