Manas Kshatriya
♂phone+91 8379972888 /envel⌢pemanaskshatriya01@gmail.com /linkedinmanas-kshatriya /githubmanas-kshatriya
Education
Pune Institute of Computer Technology CGPA: 9.21
Bachelor of Engineering in Information Technology 2020 - 2024
Experience
Software Developer Intern Mar 2023 – Present
CodeClock ♂¶ap-pinBanglore, India
•Optimized user engagement by developing and maintaining the company’s website with modern design principles.
•Implemented efficient web scraping microservices using Python, data extraction tools, and RESTful APIs, leading to
anotable 2-minute increase in app retention time.
•Conduct thorough user behavior analysis and gather feedback for successful performance optimizations.
Full Stack Developer Intern Jan 2023 – Present
Huf India ♂¶ap-pinPune, India
•Leading development of an application for taking Gemba Walk in Huf Industries.
•Designing user-friendly app UI with React Native , backed by Node.js and AWS cloud services.
•Managing daily Gemba Walk data by collaborating with managers, streamlining the data collection process.
Full Stack Web Developer Intern Oct 2021 – Dec 2021
Kode IT Solutions ♂¶ap-pinPune, India
•Handling Backend and Frontend development of the websites and applications using MERN Stack.
•Improved the response time by 40% and deployed two fully functional websites on the Web with active user traffic .
Frontend Developer Intern Jan 2021 – Mar 2021
Doodlepie Technologies ♂¶ap-pinNasik, India
•Developed a portfolio website for a UI/UX designer. The objective of this website was to showcase her creatives.
•Collaborated on the front-end development of websites and applications and increased user interactivity by 25% .
Projects
Expense Tracking Application ὑ7 |/github |ReactJS, NodeJS, TailWindCSS, MongoDB
∗Developed an Expense Tracking Application with key features like user registration, expense logging, budget
tracking, and dynamic data visualization . This provided users with a seamless experience in managing their finances
effectively.
∗Leveraged React.js for interactive front-end components and Node.js for a scalable and responsive back-end. Utilized
RESTful APIs for secure data transmission and storage, ensuring a robust and secure user experience.
InC Event Management Portal ὑ7 |/github |ReactJS, NodeJS, TailWindCSS, MySQL
∗Designed and implemented an InC Event Management Portal with features such as user registration, event selection,
payment integration, email confirmation, and a judging portal . Conducted thorough testing to ensure
functionality and security, delivering a reliable and user-friendly platform.
∗Streamlined and modernized a 10 year-old workflow , resulting in increased efficiency and improved user experience for
event management, registration, and judging processes.
Dadachishala NGO Website ὑ7 |/github |ReactJS, FireBase, TailWindCSS, TypeScript
∗Developed a user-friendly website for Dadachishala NGO, providing information on events and achievements. Incorporated
features for donations and volunteering, enhancing user engagement and support for the NGO’s initiatives.
∗Created an Admin Panel ,empowering NGO administrators with seamless content management capabilities
Technical Skills
Languages : C++, Java, Javascript, SQL, HTML, CSS, Python
Technical : Data Structures and Algorithm, Database Management System, Object Oriented Programming,
Technologies and Frameworks : React.js, Next.js, Express.js, Node.js, MongoDB, MySQL FireBase, GitHub, Git,
Bootstrap, TailwindCSS, Figma
Soft Skills : Leadership, Fluent Communication, Time Management, Flexible, Adaptable , Active Learning
Achievements & Extra-Curricular
∗Secured a rank of 422 in February Cook-Off 2022 Division 3 coding contest organized by Codechef
∗Solved 400+ Questions on Leetcode ὑ7and Codeforces .
∗Captain of College Football Team
∗Managed and Organized Intra-college Football tournament .