 
 
 
 
 
      
OBJECTIVE  MEHEK  SIRWANI  
+91 8010877258  ⋄ Pune,  India  
 
 
Ambitious computer engineering student with a strong foundation in software development seeks a 
software engineering position. Proficient in coding, problem -solving, and software design, with a keen 
interest in creating innovative solutions to contribute effectively to an organization's success . 
 
EDUCATION  
Bachelor  of Computer  Science , Pune  Institute  of Computer  Technology  2020 -Present  
 CGPA: 8.71 (Till 5th semester).  
Mathoshri Junior  College  2018  - 2019  
Maharashtra Higher Secondary Education  (12th) : 79.29 %  
Podar International School  2016 - 2017  
Indian Certificate of Secondary Education  (10th) : 90.67 % 
SKILLS  
Languages : C/C++, Python, SQL , Java  
Technical  Skills  :  Data Structures and Algorithms , MySQL , OS, OOP, Django , HTML, CSS, Java Script  
Machine learning  : Numpy, Pandas, Scikit -Learn  
Soft  Skill s : Time  Management,  Teamwork,  Communication,  Leadership  
 
PROJECTS  
1. E-Shop Website  (HTML, CSS, Django, SQLite)  
The project focuses on e -commerce website functions, including product display, catalog selection, 
and cart removal. Customers can add items, complete orders, and pay for items. Security measures 
include login IDs and passwords to prevent unauthorized access.  
 
2. Stock Market prediction  (Pyth on, Pandas, Tensor Flow, Keras ) 
Predict ed the stock price for coming  30 days with the output being displayed as a plot. The stock price 
data of past five years was collected and preprocessed which included getting rid of noisy data and 
normalizing the data.  LSTM  (Long Short Term memory)  model was created and we use d Tensor Flow 
and Keras using mean squared error for calculation of loss.  
  
3. Music Player Website (HTML, CSS, Java Script, HTML DOM , Bootstrap ) 
It is a totally responsive Java Script Music player app.  We can play, pause the song. Next and previous 
buttons are used to go to the next or previous song.  The song automatically changes once the 
previous song is completed.  
 
 
EXTRA -CURRICULAR  ACTIVITIES  
• Part of  Entrepreneurship Development C ell (EDC)  in PICT.  
• Actively  participated  in the Design  team  of PICT’s  cultural  fest ADDICTION.  
• Secured  707 Maharashtra  Rank  in MHT -CET exam.  
• Qualified  IIT-JEE 2020  and was among  the top 2 percent  of about  9 lakh  students  that  appeared.  
• I was qualified  to State  Level  Football  Competition  by Students  Olympic  Association.  meheksirwani02@gmail.com  | LinkedIn Profile  | Github profile  
2020 - Present  