Mihir Virendra Parte  
 
Contact Details  
mihirparte13@gmail.com   99755637703  
Date of Birth: 13-Jun-2002  (Holding US Passport with valid OCI card)  
LinkedIn: MihirParte   
 
An adaptable and enthusiastic Data Science and Machine Learning enthusiast having worked on 
several projects. Key work areas include Machine Learning , Data Science , front -end and back -
end web development using MySQL, PHP, JS and HTML/CSS.  
 
Education  
Studying for: B . E. in Computer Engineering  (Honours  in Data Science ) 
 
Sr. 
No. Academic  Year of 
Passing  Institute  % Marks / 
Grades  Comments  
1 10th 2018  Vidyashilp Public School (CBSE)  94.5% Best All-round  student  
2 12th 2020  H.B. Girm e Junior College (HSC)  81.85 %  
3 B. E. 2024 P. I. C. T. (Pune University ) 7.86 (CGPA) Till 3rd year 
 
Skills Summary  
• Languages  - Python , C++, PHP, HTML /CSS  
• Python libraries  – Scikit , Pandas, Numpy, Matplotlib, Plotly  
• Databases  – MySQL, MongoDB  
 
Certificates  
1. Python for Data Science  – NPTEL, I. I. T. Madras  
2. Python essentials for Data Science  – P. I. C. T., Pune  
3. Data Structures and Object -Oriented Programming using C++ – P. I. C. T., Pune  
Interests/Hobbies  
• Traveling, listening to music, biking, reading fiction al books.  
 
 
Projects /Seminars  
 
1. Data Science Project: Predicting future Car prices  by comparing car ’s features  
o This project is based on a dataset from Kaggle.  
o This project  provide s new businesses a way to decide which products to choose, in 
order to maximize profits , reduce expenditure loss and predicting future car prices  
based on viable features decided earlier.  
o Random forest and linear regression models were used to predict futur e car prices.  
Technology : Python, VS Code.  
 
2. Case Study /Seminar  - Lung Cancer detection using Machine Learning  
o Studied research papers on Lung Cancer detection.  
o Shortlisted feature s that would most  likely cause Lung Cancer.  
o Researched various classifier  models like SVM, Na ïve Bayes, Decision trees, Random 
Forest  and K -NN. 
o Presented the research paper to college authorities.  
 
3. Database Management Systems Project:  Electric Car Dealership Inventory Management  
o This project provides  an Inventory management system  to employees of any car 
dealership that can easily access, modify and keep the data secure from unauthorized 
users.  
o The aim was to save time by not having to fill up physical records or excel spread shee ts 
manually.  
o It also aims to provide a user -friendly experience i.e., anyone with  a very basic computer 
knowledge  will be able to operate it on the get -go. 
Technology : MySQL, PHP, JavaScript, HTML, CSS , VS Code . 
 
4. Web technology  project: Project Management dashboard  
o Web application is being developed for Project Management dashboard.  
o Role based privileges will be provided to various roles in the team.  
Technology : MySQL, PHP, JavaScript, HTML, CSS, Plotly , VS Code . 
 
5. Data Science project: Heart Attack prediction  
o This project analyses Heart attack dataset and predicts heart attack possibility  based 
on various factors present in the dataset.  
o 2 Classification algorithms, Logistic regression and K -Nearest Neighbors (K-NN) were 
used in this project.  
Technology : Python, VS Code.  6. Natural Language Processing  project: Sentiment  Analysis  (In-progress)  
o This project aims to analyse user sentiments  in social media websites owned by 
‘Meta’ like ‘Instagram ’ and ‘Threads ’. 
o Text processing algorithms  will be used .  
Technology : Python, VS Code.  
 
Internships  
1. Cummins India  (Start Date – 28-Aug-23) 
o Received offer letter with a start date on 10 -Jul-23 for a period of 10 weeks.  
o It has been delayed from Company side.  
2. i-Neuron  (Start Date – 11-Aug-23) 
o Flights fare prediction – End-to-end   
o Main goal is to predict the fares of the flights based on different facto rs available in the 
provided dataset.  
o Approach involves Data Exploration, Data cleaning, Feature Engineering, Model 
Building and Model testing.   
o Technology : Python, VS Code.  