Neha Santosh Rathod
♂phone+91 8421314539 /envel⌢peneharathod9146@gmail.com /linkedinhttps://www.linkedin.com/in/neha-rathod-392232206 /githubNehar26
Education
Pune Institute Of Computer Technology July 2020 – June 2024
Bachelor Of Engineering in Electronics And Telecommunication Pune, Maharashtra
Saraswati Junior College June 2020
Higher Secondary Education, Percentage:86.31 Auranagbad, Maharashtra
Adarsh Vidyalaya Chikhli June 2020
Secondary Education, Percentage:88.80 Chikhli, Maharashtra
Technical Skills
Languages : C++, Java
Web Technologies : Fronted Development (HTML, CSS, Javascript)
Databases : MySQL
Developer Tools : VS code, Eclipse, Apache Netbeans
Projects
Obstacle Detection Dimension Measurement |Robot — Hardware
•Design and developed a robot to perform the system accurately measures dimensions of detected obstacles.
•The project aimed to improve the safety and reliability of autonomous vehicles and robotics.
•Robots utilized sensor integration and real-time data analysis to ensure accurate obstacle recognition. Successfully
contributed to a project that improves navigation and efficiency in autonomous systems.
Electricity Billing System |Java (Swing+AWT), MySQL, Apache NetBeans
•Developed an automated electricity billing system using Java, MySQL, and JDBC. Designed classes to represent
Customers, Electricity Meters, Tariff Plans, and Billing Information.
•Integrated a database to store customer data, meter readings, and tariff details.
•Generated monthly electricity bills with customer details and total amount due.
•Created an admin panel for managing customer accounts, tariff plans, and generating reports.
Resume Builder |HTML, CSS, Javascript
•Design and developed a project to allowing users to input their information, select templates, and instantly generate
professional resumes, enhancing the job application process.
•Implemented responsive design for optimal viewing on various devices, ensuring a smooth and accessible experience.
Relevant Coursework
|
∗Data Structure
∗Fundamentals of Java Programming
∗Object Oriented Programming
∗Database Management
∗Operating System
Certifications
Certificate 1 : Data Structure
Certificate 2 : INC 2023 (Project: Obstacle Detection Dimension Measurement)