Omkar Hase
♂phone7773987839 /envel⌢peomkarhase1123@gmail.com /linkedinlinkedin.com/in/Omkar Hase /githubGitHub/Omkar1123
Education
Pune Institute of Computer Technology Jan. 2021 – Present
B.E. Computer Engineering Pune, Maharashtra
Cum. GPA till Sem 5 : 8.125
Pragnya Junior College of Arts, Commerce and Science 2017 – 2019
High School Certificate (HSE) Pune, Maharashtra
Percentage : 72.46 MHT-CET : 99.34 Percentile
Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya, Ahmednagar 2015 – 2017
Secondary School Certificate (SSE) Ahmednagar, Maharashtra
Percentage : 89.3
Relevant Coursework
•Object Oriented Programming
•Data Structures and Algorithms•Database Management Systems
Projects
Hospital Management System |HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Django
•Developed a website using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Django to record Patient Details and digitalize the entire process.
•It is designed in a way that it makes the doctor’s job easier by giving them access to necessary information whenever
needed without any delay.
•Data is added by the Hospital Management so that it consists the least redundancies in it and can only be accessed by
the Hospital staff or the Doctor himself.
News Aggregator System |HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Django
∗It is a web application which aggregates data (news articles) from a few websites. Then presents the data in one location.
∗The application fetches the headlines of the news from the websites and stores it in the database. Those headlines are
served to the user in a web-page’s form.
Experience
Barclays |Summer Intern (June 24 - August 24 )
·Worked with two different teams in my two months of internship.
·Did projects on Mainframe with tech stack of Zowe, React, Node. Also worked on creation of JIRA dashboards for
multiple tasks and projects
Technical Skills
Languages : C++, HTML, CSS, SQL
Developer Tools : VS Code, Eclipse, QtCreator
Familiar : Python, Java
Achievements / Extracurricular
An active member of the current Basketball team and representing the college at various competitive fixtures.
Volunteered as a coordinator for the Training and Placement activities and worked under the Heads to oversee the same.
Secured rank 877 (99.34 percentile) in MHT-CET 2020
Personal Traits / Interests
·Traits :
1. Well Organized
2. Quick Learner
3. Good Communication Skills
4. Works well with team·Interests :
1. Travelling
2. Music
3. Sports