+91 7666066207 2 9 p i y u s h b o r a @ g m a i l . c o m
 P i y u s h - B o r a
 linkedin.in/piyushbora p i y u s h b o r a . n e t l i f y . a p p
Tech Stack:  HTML, CSS, Tailwind‑CSS, ReactJS, RestAPI, ReduxJersey Store
Created an eCommerce website called "Jersey Store" with the
goal of selling sports jerseys online.
Utilized technologies such as HTML, TailwindCSS, and
ReactJS to create a visually appealing and user‑friendly website
aiming for a 0% bounce rate.
Designed the website’s user interface, added some features to
it, and learned Redux Technologies.
Tech Stack:  HTML, CSS, Tailwind‑CSS, ReactJS, RestAPIInC '23 Website
Contributed to designing and developing a responsive website
for the InC event hosted by PICT using the MERN stack.
Throughout the project, demonstrated exceptiona l leadership,
communication, and scheduling abilities to guarantee the
prompt completion of all deliverables.
Conducted thorough research to understand the requirements
and implemented those insights into the website design and
functionality.  P u n e ,  I n d i a
Tech Stack:  HTML, CSS, Tailwind‑CSS, ReactJS, RestAPI  My Portfolio Website
Created a website for my own portfolio that includes
information about me, my work, projects, and the tools and
technologies I am accustomed to using.
The website has the facility to contact me directly through a
form, that sends me an email on submission, using email.jsPIYUSH BORA
Bachelor of Engineering in Information Technology 2020 - PresentPune Institute of Computer Technology, Pune
91.85%CGPA: 9.35
HSC Board, Science Stream 2018 - 2020Pratibha Junior College, Akurdi
96.60%
SSC Board 2018Amrita Vidyalayam, NigdiEDUCATION
Joint Secretary at PICT CSI Student Branch (PCSB)
Head of Publicity Department at InC.
Head of Design Department at PNAB.
Member at PICT ACM Student Chapter (PASC).  POSITIONS OF RESPONSIBILTYWORK EXPERIENCE
Frontend Web Developer InternOct 2022 ‑ Dec 2022AUTOMATONAI
Worked on the ongoing  projects of the company on a new
website for the AdaptAI product, with MERN stack
Technologies.
Learned the fundamental s of Angular and used it to develop
some simple use cases.
Gained experience working in a team, which improved my
communication and collaboration skills.
Acquired recognition for my keen awareness of detail, aptitude
for solving issues, and producing high-quality code
UI/UX Designer InternJan 2023 ‑ April 2023SANSPOTS
Designed user‑centric interfaces for web and mobile
applications, ensuring a seamless and intuitive user experience.
Conducted user research and usability testing to inform design
decisions and validate assumptions.
Collaborated with cross‑functional teams, including developers
and designe rs, to ensure alignment and transparency
throughout the design and development process.
Developed and maintained design systems and style guides to
ensure consistency and scalability across products and features.  
Tech Stack:  HTML, CSS, Tailwind‑CSS, DjangoJob Finder for Daily Wage Workers
Developed a website to make it easier for those earning a daily
wage to locate work.
Recruiters post the job requirements, and the workers select
the job according to their preferences.SKILLS
Programming Languages:
Python, C/C++, JavaScript (ReactJS, Angular, Express.js),
HTML, CSS, Tailwind CSS, Bootstrap, Material UI,
SQL(MySQL), MongoDB, Rest API, Redux, WebFlow
Tools:
Figma, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe InDesign, Adobe Premier
Pro, Adobe After Effects, Canva, GitHub, OBS
*Flexible to learn different technologies based on requirements.  PROJECTS
Frontend InternMay 2023 ‑ July 2023AMBER
Increased lead generation by 40% through the implementation
of auto-fill for country codes, enhancing traffic analysis by
country.
Revamped web pages for a cleaner UI, positively impacting
user experience.
Improved website SEO by 22% by implementing anchor-
based titles and paginations.
Collaborated effectively in an Agile environment, delivering
high-quality solutions and fostering a positive team
atmosphere.
Leveraged Webflow, ReactJS, and ExpressJS to enhance
functionality and user experience.