PRANOTI BHARADE
SENIOR YEAR E&TC
ContactAbout Me
Projects
EducationSkills:Phone
Email9175934732A student, currently pursuing Bachelor's Degree in Electronics and
Telecommunication. Interested in working and exploring more about
embedded systems and other fields of electronics. A creative
personality, and a quick learner who also embraces team work with a
positive mindset. 
Automatic Motion Detection Using PIR sensor: 
Reduction of power consumption by automatically controlling the
Bulbs/lights/fans, with respect to detection of human motion; rather
than use of manual switching system. 
Maze Solving Robot:
This robot is equipped with three infrared sensors to check the path for
right, left, and straight direction. The robot is able to move
automatically in many mazes, and reach the final destination. It uses
the LSRU algorithm to solve the entire path.
Fire Fighting Robot:
The robot is equipped with flame sensors that help us detect fire. The
proposed vehicle has a water pump, and servo motor and a spray which
is able to extinguish fire at a faster rate.
Cotton De-seeder:
Engineered a high-precision cotton deseeder achieving 68% accuracy,
tactfully adjusted speed (60 RPM) to prevent seed damage, enhancing
overall deseeding efficiency
Savitribai Phule Pune University- SCTR’s Pune Institute
 of Computer Technology (PICT), Pune.
GPA:   9.34
Sanjay Ghodawat Junior College, Attigre, Kolhapur.
Percentage:  80.62%  
St. Helena's School, Pune. [ICSE]
Percentage: 93.33%2020-2024
2018-2020
2007-2018Bachelor's Degree
Pre-University CollegeC 
C++
Proficient in microcontroller
programming using C and
assembly language
Experienced in programming
microcontrollers including
8051 and PIC18F4550
Arduino interfacing
Team player
Adaptibilty
Work Ethic
English
Hindi
MarathiProgramming Languages:
Hardware:
Soft skills:
Languages:pranoti.bharade@gmail.com
linkdIn ID
https://www.linkedin.com/in/pran
oti-bharade-b400b2231
School
Intership:
Worked as a intern at Smart logic Technologies, in the field of
robotics.Address
A1/A-106, Kumar Paradise, 
Near Magarpatta City, Hadapsar 
Pune411036 
Finding out Resistor value Program:
This program takes input as colors for 4 respective bands and hence
provides the output as the resistance value of the respective entered
color bands.