                                                                  
  EDUCATION:   
Savitribai  Phule  Pune  University - SCTR’s  Pune  Institute  of Computer  Technology  (PICT),  Pune  
(Bachelor  of Engineering)  
 
 
 
(12th Standard  Board  Examination)  
STNMS,  Latur  (CBSE  Board)  Year  of joining  2020 -present  
(2023)  
            Average SGPA – 9.49  
 
Year  of passing  - 2020  
Percentage  - 92.80  
 
(10th Standard  Board  Examination)  
Shri Deshikendra  Vidyalaya,  Latur  (State  Board)  
      Year  of passing - 2018  
Percentage  - 98.60  
         SKILLS:  
  Programming  Languages : C, C++, Java, Python, Embedded C programming   
         Software : Data Structures & Algorithms, Database Management System, Machine Learning, Object Oriented Programming  
  Hardware : Microcontr oller s 
  Soft Skills : Teamwork,  Time  Management,  Active  Listening,   Attention  to detail,  Flexibility  
 
         PROJECTS:  
1) Java Project: Hospital Management System – Implemented the Hospital management system using Java 
as front -end language and used MySQL to as database to store the data. Applied the concept of Java 
swings for Front -end. By this  application,  we can manage  all the activities  happening  at the hospital  like 
deletion  of records  of patients,  addition of  new  records,  transactions,  patient  data,  hospital  staff  data.  
2) Machine  Learning Project: Movie Recommendation System – It is machine learning model which 
recommends  similar  type of  movies  to the  user  basing  on his watched  movie  history.  
3) Hardware Project: Floor Cleaning Bot – It is a moving bot which performs the task of floor  cleaning . It follows the 
zigzag path while moving in the room. Sensors are used as inputs to the microcontroller and output of the 
microcontroller is the cleaning ac tion and motion of the bot.  
 
          ACHIEVEMENTS  AND  AWARDS  
1) NPTEL  Certificate  in Programming  in Java  (Among  2 percent  toppers,  Elite  + Gold  rank)  
2) NPTEL  Certificate  in Programming  in Modern  C++ (Elite  + Silver  rank).  
3) NPTEL  Certificate  in Database  Management  System  (Elite  rank)  
4) University  Rank  1 with  10 pointers in  second  year  1st semester.  
5) Certificate  of Partition  in “Zero  to Hero  in Python  Programming”  department  course.  
6) Certificate  of completion  of “Fundamentals  of Artificial  Intelligence  and Machine  Learning”  course  from  
Vodafone  India  Foundation.  
7) Certificate  of completion  of “MERN  Stack  Web  Development  Industrial  Training”  course  from  Kode  It Solutions.  
8) 100 out of 100 marks  in 10th in Mathematics  subject.  
 
 
          EXTRACURRICULAR ACTIVITIES:  
1) Member of PICT CSI Student Branch  
   Volunteer for Xenia Event 2021 - Worked in the ‘Gift of Gab event’ . 
  Volunteer for Xenia Event 2022 - Worked in the ‘XENATUS event’ . 
2)     Participated in MIT college state level o nline chess competition.  
3)     2 times district level chess winner during school time.  
4)     Member of NSS team.  
5)     Certificate of Membership of PICT CSI Student Branch.  
Name: Pratik Mahadev Bolegave               
Contact: 7498628747                       
Email: bolegavepratik@gmail.com  
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/pratik -bolegave -297279218    
 