Purvi  Toshniwal  
Undergraduate  
Final year Computer Science Undergraduate dedicated to  
improving  skills  through  hands -on learning.  Well -Organized  and 
collaborative team player with strong communication  and 
analytical  skills.  purvitoshniwal11@gmail.com   
 
7758874315  
 
Pune,  India   
linkedin.com/in/purvi -toshniwal -01a994200  
 
 
EDUCATION  
B.E Computer  Science  
Pune  Institute  of Computer  Technology.  
2020  - 2024 , 9.18 
 
Class  XII(CBSE)  
Shiv Jyoti  Convent  School,  Kota.  
2020 , 94.2%  
 
Class  X(CBSE)  
Raja Narayanlal  Lahoti  English  School.  
2018 , 92.2%  
 
PROJECTS  
Auction  Platform for "BPLAN" event in Credenz'23  
using  Django.  
Sophisticated  auction  platform  which  allowed  participants  to bid 
on ﬁctitious  companies,  displayed  real-time company  values, and 
showcased detailed bidder portfolios and  wallets.  
Frontend  using  HTML+CSS   
Backend  using  Django  
Blood Bank Management System  
Web application built using PHP and MySql for efficient 
interaction between hospitals and blood acceptors.  
Streamlines the process of blood type tracking and availability 
checking.  
Includes features like blood request management, blood type 
tracking and data handling.  
Minutes  of Meeting  creator  Using  Machine  
Learning  and python.  
Intelligent ML model designed to generate automated and concise 
meeting minutes  
Key features include Speech to text conversion and text 
summarization using NLP techniques . 
 
WORK  EXPERIENCE  
Summer  Internship  
Barclays  
06/2023  – 08/2023 , 
Data  Warehousing  and ETL 
Gained valuable  experience  in data warehousing  and ETL 
tools.  
Successfully learned and applied new skills,  speciﬁcally  
Abinitio  and Unix,  to optimize  data processing.  SKILLS  
 
 
 
  
 
   
 
   
 
 
 
ACHIEVEMENTS  
Ranked  ﬁrst among  150+  participants  in mock  
placement  event  “Dextrous”  in PULZION’22.  
Ranked  ﬁrst in the leadership  and situation  
handling  event  “Xenatus”  in XENIA’22.  
Qualiﬁed  for ﬁnals in the National  level  Women's  
Hackathon  organized  by ACM -W PCCE  goa. 
Successfully  led the "BPLAN"  event  at Credenz'23,  
resulting in record -breaking participation and  positive  
feedback  from  attendees.  
Semi -Finalist  in inter -college Basketball  
Tournaments  "SUMMIT  2021"  and "PENTACLE"  
 
 
POSITIONS  OF RESPONSIBILITY  
Secretary of Finance  
PICT  IEEE  Student  Branch   
06/2023  - Present , 
 Developed detailed event budgets, allocating resources  judiciously to 
maintain  cost efficiency.  
Negotiated contracts  and agreements,  ensuring  favorable  terms  and 
conditions  for Credenz’ 23. 
 
 
INTERESTS  
 
   
 
  
Badminton  Dancing  Travelling  Movies  Basketball  Public  Speaking  AB initio  Python  UNIX  Basics  MySQL  HTML  + CSS C language  c++ Data  Structures  and Algorithms  Problem  Solving  