RAHUL SAKHARKAR
PICT’24 | Data Analyst | Web-Dev
rahulsakharkar2002@gmail.com /ne+91 8668321059 /♀nednlinkedin.com/in/rahul-sakharkar-706713212
/gtbgithub.com/RahulSakharkar
PROJECTS
Simon Game Github
•Simon Game is a popular memory-based game
that challenges players to remember and re-
peat a series of randomly generated patterns
of colors and sounds.
•The game progressively becomes more dif-
ﬁcult as the sequence length increases. The
objective is to see how far the player can re-
member and replicate the patterns correctly.
•HTML | CSS | Js | JQuery
Capstone Project Github
•Analyzed smart device’s usage data, uncov-
ered trends, and identiﬁed patterns to improve
Bellabeat’s marketing strategy and beneﬁt
its customers. Bellabeat is a women’s health-
focused smart products company
•R | Spreadsheets | R markdown | BigQuery
Book Community Website Github 
•Designed and developed a Book Community
Application catering to book lovers. Users can
create accounts, browse books, participate
in discussions, and provide reviews for spe-
ciﬁc books, fostering a vibrant and interactive
reading community.
•HTML | CSS | Django | Google books API
CERTIFICATES
Google Data Analyst Professional Certiﬁ-
cate
Google & Coursera
•Excellent understanding and proﬁciency of
platforms for eﬀective data analyses, including
SQL, spreadsheets, Tableau, and R.
•Strong communication, organizational, and
analytical skills.
Fundamentals of Digital Marketing 
Google Digital Garage
ACTIVITIES
Coordinator of BE Photoshoot cum
farewell event
•Successfully organized and managed the se-
nior farewell cum photoshoot annual event
comprising 600+ seniors . Led a team of 40+
volunteers and coordinated all aspects of
planning and execution, including venue se-
lection, photography arrangements, and enter-
tainment.
Volunteered at Blood donation camp and
special needs children SchoolEDUCATION
Bachelor of Engineering
Information Technology
Pune Institute of Computer Technology | CGPA: 9.26
ὌJune 2020 - Present
Higher Secondary Certiﬁcate
Centre Point School, Katol Rd. ,Nagpur
Percentage: 95.40
ὌApril 2018 - June 2020
Secondary School Certiﬁcate
Centre Point School, Amravati road bypass, Nagpur
Percentage: 93.40
ὌApril 2017 – July 2018
EXPERIENCE
Data Science Intern
LetsGrowMore
ὌMarch 2023 – April 2023 
•The project comprises real-life tasks that need to be solved
using data science and advanced Python libraries. The primary
goal is to build accurate models that eﬀectively address each
task.
•The various tasks are listed as follows-
• Iris Flowers Classiﬁcation
• Stock market prediction and forecasting using stacked
LSTM
• Image to pencil sketch with python
•Achieved an accuracy of more than 90% in all the models
•Python | Jupyter
•Libraries- Matplotlib | Pandas | OpenCV | Scikit Learn | Seaborn
SKILLS
•OOP, C++, Python, Java, R
•HTML, CSS, JS, JQuery, Bootstrap, Django
•SQL- MySQL & Big Query
ACHIEVEMENTS
•Solved 300+ questions across multiple coding platforms
•Secured 3rd position at B-plan , our college’s ﬂagship non-tech
annual event.
Demonstrated strong strategic acumen in a competi-
tive auction round, eﬀectively managing a limited budget to
acquire companies.
Impressed as a persuasive pitcher for a nutty butter com-
pany, delivering a compelling pitch to secure investment from
a shark investor.