Raj Mavani
9156915656 |rajmavani100@gmail.com |LinkedIn: Raj Mavani |
Education
Pune Institute of Computer Technology Pune
Bachelor of Engineering in Information Technology : 9.58/10 Sep 2020 – Aug 2024
RNC Arts, JDB Commerce and NSC Science College Nashik
XII Science HSC : 85.69% May. 2018 – Feb 2020
J. D. C. Bytco English Medium High School Nashik
X General Studies SSC : 91.4% May. 2012 – Feb 2018
Projects
Exepense Tracker |Flutter, Hive,
•Developed a mobile app with Flutter and used Hive as a database.
•The user can add the expense item and its cost. which is shown along with the day the transaction was done.
•The user also has the option of deleting the item. The sum of all transactions for a week is shown at the top.
•Added a bar graph that shows the expenses graphically throughout the week.
Skribble Io |Flutter ,WebSocket, Nodejs,MongoDB
•Created a Skribble io game for friends to play.It is a guessing game where a player draws and others have to guess.
•To play, the user can either create or join a room.The user who has created the game can choose the room name,
number of rounds to play, and number of players who can join.
•Added a timer so that each user has a set amount of time to draw and guess.The user who guesses correctly first
receives more points.
•Each user has access to other users’ guesses. If the guess is correct, it is masked.
Text App |Python, Kivy,
•Created a App using Python and Kivy, in which the user can find synonyms and antonyms of different words.
•The user can also check if there is any grammatical errors in a sentence or not. User can also check if the word is
written correctly or not.
•User can also translate a sentence between the languages of English, Hindi and Marathi.
Technical Skills
Java, Python, Cpp , Flutter,Google Cloud Platform (GCP)
Extra-Curricular Activities
Cadet
•Cadet at National Cadet Corps (Air Wing), Nashik
Volunteer
•Volunteer at Akhil Bhartiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABYP), Nashik surveying and identifying issues in rural
communities and villages.
Certficates
Google Cloud Fundamentals: Core Infrastructure
Essential Google Cloud Infrastructure: Foundation
Problem Solving (Basic)
Python Basic
Links
Leetcode : rajmavani100
Codechef : raj9788
Codeforce : Raj mavani1
Hackerrank : Raj M07