devansh choudhury
Pune, Maharashtra
♂phone+91 9561071104 /envel⌢pedevanshchoudhury@gmail.com /linkedinDevansh Choudhury /githubDevansh Choudhury
Education
Pune Institute of Computer Technology, Pune July 2020 - June 2024
Bachelor of Engineering - Computer Engineering CGPA: 7.96
Delhi Public School, Siliguri 2020
Higher Secondary Education, Class XII Percentage: 82.2
Bethany Mission School, Raiganj 2018
Matriculate, Class X Percentage: 86.4
Experience
Zybro Oct-2022 to May-2023
Intern- Kochi, Kerala
•Trainee Software Developer where I participated in number of Data Science and Analytics operations.
TEDxPICT
HEAD of Curation Team -
•Leading the team of 18 students to find and curate speakers for TEDxPICT.
•Interviewing the speakers and having long discussions around different ideas to come up with a potential TED Talk.
PICT Computer Society of India Student Branch
Active Member -
•Taught C++ and Python concepts to juniors through the PCSB special interest group.
PASC (ACM Student Chapter)
Active Member -
•CONDUCTED C++ SIG’S :
∗Event Management and planning : Conducted online SIG’s (C++ bootcamp) under PICT ACM Student Chapter
impacting 200+ students.
∗Management Skills : Managed over 200+ participants of the Sig’s.
∗Communication Skills : Delivered sessions on Competitive Programming and Web Development for juniors under
PICT ACM Student Chapter.
Projects
ChatApp |Django Rest Framework, SQLite [LINK]
·A chat application built using django rest framework.
·The user can search other users and add them as a friend and have one to one chat with their friends.
Stock-Exchange |HTML, CSS, Javascript [LINK]
·A web application which allows users to search for specific companies and get real time data and details about the
company.
·This project uses an API which gets the real time data and displays them to the user.
·It provides a chart of the company’s stock performance over time and news related to the company. The application
is designed to be user friendly and provides users with the information they need quickly and easily.
Achievements
·Participated in International Mathematics Olympiad and achieved Silver and Bronze medal in 2 consecutive years.
·Participated in Inter school Football tournament organized by DPS, Siliguri and won first prize.
Technical Skills
Languages : C++, Javascript, Python, SQL, HTML, CSS
Technical : Database Management System, Data Structures and Algorithms, Data Science, Data Analysis, Object
Oriented Programming
Technologies/Frameworks :MongoDB, MySQL, PostgreSQL, Git, Numpy, Pandas
Soft Skills : Professionalism, Leadership and Active Listening