RIYA PALESHA
riyapalesha07@gmail.com /ne(+91) 7264004500 /♀nednriya-palesha /gtbgithub.com/riyapalesha
EDUCATION
BE in Computer Engineering
Pune Institute of Computer Technology
Ὄ2020 – Present CGPA : 9.56
BSc in Programming and Data
Science
IIT Madras
Ὄ2020 – Present CGPA : 8.81
Class XII
S.M.Choksey High School and Junior
College
Ὄ2018 - 2020 94.62%
SKILLS
C++ Python Java
HTML CSS Javascript React
Nodejs Bootstrap
SQL MongoDB
VS Code Eclipse IntelliJ
Problem Solving Teamwork
Project Management
COURSEWORK
•Data Structures and Algorithms
•Object- Oriented Programming
•Operating Systems
•Database Management Systems
•Computer Network Systems
ACHIEVEMENTS
•Solved 500+ problems across various
platforms.
•Secured 99.60 percentile in MHT-CET
and was ranked under 500 in my state
among 1.6 lakh students.
EXTRACURRICULAR
•Member of PCSB: Contributed to
organizing and participating in various
club events, fostering collaboration and
knowledge-sharing among members.EXPERIENCE
Summer Intern
Barclays
ὌJune 2023 – August 2023 Pune
•Designed and implemented automated Jira workﬂows using Groovy
scripts on Jenkins
•Streamlining Jira issue management processes and ensuring timely
resolution of critical issues.
•Contributed to the frontend for the development of a dynamic
dashboard by writing React code.
PROJECTS
Result Analyser - Team Project
Tech Stack: React, YAKE!, Flask, Python
•Implemented an automated system to evaluate student answer
sheets.
•Developed a robust evaluation criteria considering variations in
phrasing, ensuring precise grading.
•Contributed in developing the NLP algorithm as well as in frontend.
Result Visualizer - Team Project
Tech Stack: React, ChartJS
•Developed a dynamic and data-driven website using Reactjs to
visualize and analyze student data of college.
•Leveraging Chartjs to present insights through interactive
visualizations.
Netﬂix Clone
Tech Stack: HTML, CSS, React, NodeJS, MongoDB
•Developed a Netﬂix Clone web application utilizing HTML, CSS,
React, NodeJS, and MongoDB, replicating the functionalities of the
popular streaming platform.
•Implemented a secure Rest API with NodeJS and MongoDB,
incorporating JWT for authentication
Automated Performance Analysis of Shortest Path
Algorithms on Directed Graphs - Team Project
Exploratory Project
•Conducted comprehensive analysis of shortest path algorithms:
Dijkstra’s, Bellman-Ford, and Floyd-Warshall, on a range of directed
graphs.
•Developed an automated code to generate random directed graphs
and measure the execution time for each algorithm to determine the
shortest path and its weight.