SAHIL KOTHARI
Pune Institute Of Computer Technology
sahilckothari94@gmail.com /gtbhttps:/ /github.com/sahil-kothari /♀nednhttps:/ /www.linkedin.com/in/sahil-kothari94
Pune, Maharashtra - India
PROJECTS
Uber/Ola solution for Spare Parts
•Developed a website using ReactJS and
Firebase that oﬀers timely notiﬁcations to
users about expiring vehicle spare parts. The
project also involved the implementation of
blockchain technology to establish a secure
and reliable supply chain for product authen-
tication. Demonstrated technical proﬁciency
and problem-solving abilities throughout the
development process.
•https://youtu.be/md2iSIU58dE
CrowdFunding Web App
•Developed a cutting-edge crowdfunding web
application leveraging blockchain technology
and Machine Learning (Detects hate speech
and cancels the campaign), with the use of
frameworks such as ReactJS, and ThirdWeb.
•https:/ /sahil-kothari-crowdfund.netlify.app/
Dashboard for BOMB Money
•Developed a Dashboard which displays real-
time values of the tokens fetched from an API.
It also provides the functionality to connect
the wallet to the website and carry out trans-
actions such as staking, exchange, and trade.
•https:/ /bomb-dashboard-
sahilkothari.netlify.app/
Dealify
•I have created a decentralized deal manage-
ment application on the Zbyte platform. It
oﬀers a range of functionalities, including pay-
out management, conﬁrmation handshake,
refund processing, rejection handling, and deal
listing on blockchain.
•https:/ /dplat.zbyte.io/app/deal/home-
649fd1154b7ﬀb6dd7bb7b59
EXPERIENCE
Solidity Developer Intern
DotLabs
ὌMay 2023 - Present
CERTIFICATIONS
Microsoft Certiﬁed:Azure Funda-
mentals
Microsoft
Smart Contracts
CourseraACHIEVEMENTS
•Head of the Blockchain Community, PICT.
•Successfully secured 2nd position at a 24-hour hackathon,
Codebreak 4.0, hosted by MIT ADT University as part of a
collaborative team eﬀort.
•Secured 3rd position in Smart Contract Contest II conducted
by the DApp World.
•Ranked 985 out of 17000 participants in starters 58 (CodeChef).
•Successfully organised "Hacker-House", a blockchain based
learning and implementation event at Xenia, the annual tech-
fest at CSI PICT in collaboration with CION Digital.
TECHNICAL SKILLS
•ReactJS, Javascript, Typescript, Rest API, Solidity, C++, Python,
MySQL, Java, HTML, CSS.
•Blockchain, Problem Solving, Data Structures and Algorithm,
Competitive programming, Database management, Machine
Learning, Big data, Cloud Computing, Computer Networks and
security.
EDUCATION
B.E. (IT) - 9.1 CGPA
Pune Institute of Computer Technology
Ὄ2020 – Present
Higher Secondary - 83%
Maharashtra State Board of Secondary and Higher Sec-
ondary Education, Pune
Ὄ2020
Secondary - 93.3%
Maharashtra State Board of Secondary and Higher Sec-
ondary Education, Pune
Ὄ2018
PERSONAL SKILLS
•Having Leadership Qualities.
•Ability to work under pressure.
•Organising and managing events.
•Comfortable Working Independently.
•Ability to take initiative to solve problems.
HOBBIES
•Playing badminton,cricket and video games.
•trekking, swimming.
•Exploring Places.