Samidha Ramteke
/gtbSamidha07 | samidharamteke | samidharamteke.107@gmail.com | /ne+91-9834799634
About Me
A Dedicated, Structured, and Creative final-year student enrolled in a computer engineering undergrad course, I am a
Team player and good at maintaining professional behavior. My eagerness lies in exploring and learning a variety of domains
and technologies under the umbrella of computer science and sharpening my problem-solving skills.
I bring a background in Game Development, complemented by beginner-level Unity experience, along with a strong
passion for UI/UX. I am Looking for challenging opportunities where I can implement my current knowledge and further
enhance my skills. Currently, I am actively exploring various software technologies to broaden my skill set and contribute
effectively. I’m committed to further enhancing my skills in these domains to contribute meaningfully.
Education
Pune Institute of Computer Technology, India Jul 2020 - ongoing
Bachelor of Engineering in Computer Engineering
GPA: 9.25/10.0
Gokhale Education Society’s H.P.T. Arts and R.Y.K. Science College Jul 2019 - Jun 2020
H.S.C (Science)
percentage: 89.85
St.Francis High School Mar 2018
S.S.C
percentage: 94.80
Projects
•Invisible maze
A simple yet tricky maze game paired with a twist of paintball and thrilling uncertainty
My role :
- Designing and adding functionality to different game state pages.
- Represented the game as team SAMAY at Retropolis and Gaming frontier challenge
•Morphogen
A Storytelling game where you go through a series of role-playing as different insects and discover their special abilities
to get revived as a Lunatic self-experimental scientist
My role :
- Designing and adding functionality to different game state pages.
- Level Designing using tiled software.
Achievements
1. Best Game Submission Retropolis as part of Technical Fest Of IIIT Kottayam, Dhruva 2021
2. Secured 2nd position Gaming frontier challenge conducted by SHASHTRA and IIT Madras
Clickheretoviewcertificates
Technical Skills
Programming languages: C++, Lua, JAVA (basics), Python
Web Technologies: HTML, CSS
Miscellaneous: Unity, Tiled software, MySQL, Git, GitHub, Love2D (framework)
Documentation: Strong Technical and non-technical documentation skills
Relevant Coursework
Data Structures and Algorithms, Object Oriented Programming, Database management Systems, Human-Computer Interface,
AR/VR, System Programming and Operating Systems, Theory of Computation.
Extracurricular
GameDevUthopia : 2021 - Present
Official Game Development club of PICT.
- Worked in Coding Team.
- Worked in Marketing Team.
PASC: 2021 - Present
ACM Student Chapter of PICT.
- Managing side events at PULZION 2022.
- Worked on organizing a virtual treasure hunt in Radiance 2021.
Workshops and Certifications
- Completed a 50-hour hands-on Augmented Reality and Virtual Reality (AR/VR) Workshop by APPY MONKEYS SOFT-
WARE PVT
- Completed Fundamentals of Digital Marketing certification by Google Digital unlocked
- Pursuing Google UX Design Professional Certificate