Sanket Lokhande
Pune, Maharashtra
♂phone+91 9595941987 /envel⌢pesanket.lokhande.pict@gmail.com /linkedinlinkedin.com/in/rvprvp
Education
Pune Institute of Computer Technology 2020 - 2024
Bachelor of Engineering in Electronics and Telecommunication, Maharashtra CGPA: 8.92
Bharat English Junior College 2018 - 2020
HSC Maharashtra State Board, Maharashtra Percentage: 75.69
Mar Ivanios Convent High School 2005 - 2018
SSC Maharashtra State Board, Maharashtra Percentage: 93.40
Technical Skills
Languages : Java, SQL
Technologies/Frameworks/Libraries/other : Power BI, Power Automate, AWS, GCP, Databricks, Azure Data Factory,
Synapse Analytics, Azure Data Lake, Mage, Apache Airflow
Work Experience
Giant Meterwave Radio Telescope - NCRA TIFR 24 Jan 2023 - 4 Apr 2023
Project Intern Pune, India
•Identified potential Radio Frequency Interference (RFI) and flagged it within the dataset, leading to a 93% reduction
in data anomalies and improved data integrity.
•Utilized DAX (Data Analysis Expressions) to effectively mitigate the flagged RFI , resulting in decrease in data
inconsistencies and improved data quality.
•Developed a cutting-edge, interactive dashboard using Microsoft Power BI , to present key RFI information, enabling
engineers to make informed decisions with a 50% increase in data visualization and accessibility.
•Provided actionable insights, reducing response time to RFI issues by 35% and faster resolution, enhancing
operational efficiency, and automated email reports improved workflow efficiency by an estimated 90% .
Projects
Empowering Data-Driven Digital Marketing Strategies using Data Engineering |AWS, SQL, Python
•Developed an end-to-end data engineering project to process and analyze a YouTube dataset, encompassing various data
formats like JSON and CSV.
•Implemented data transformation and conversion scripts using AWS Lambda , optimizing the data for querying by
converting it to the efficient Parquet format and eliminating unnecessary metadata.
•Automated the data cleaning and transformation process using AWS triggers , ensuring seamless updates to the cleaned
dataset in S3and enabling smooth integration into an ETL pipeline for further analysis and visualization in AWS
QuickSight .
Uber Business Analytics: Data Engineering Solution for Enhanced Insights |GCP, Mage, SQL, Python
•Developed and deployed a data engineering solution that loaded and stored a Uber dataset efficiently on Google Cloud
Storage (GCS) .
•Utilized Python to create well-structured fact and dimension tables from the raw data, ensuring data accuracy,
consistency, and granularity .
•Implemented a data pipeline using the open-source tool Mage to extract, transform, and load data from GCS to Google
BigQuery . Employed BigQuery’s SQL capabilities to join fact and dimension tables, resulting in the creation of a
comprehensive analytical table.
•Created an interactive dashboard on Looker Studio , providing key insights into Uber’s business for data driven
decision-making and improved operational efficiency.
Achievements
•Served as Head of Operations with PICT-MUN for 22-23 term, heading a team of 20people to ensure smooth
execution of all organising processes.
•Received positive feedback from organization where interned for designing interactive data visualizations, making
complex data more accessible and actionable
•Successfully completed a virtual internship with PwC , gaining hands-on experience working on Power BI for data
analysis and visualization.
•Implemented a data pipeline to collect Twitter data using the Twitter API, deployed Python code on Airflow running
on an EC2 instance, and loaded the data onto S3.