 
SARVESH  
CHAKRADEO  PUNE   
9545244091    
sarveshchakradeo8@gmail.com    
   
   
 OBJECTIVE  
A highly motivated and dedicated computer engineering student aiming to implement 
technical and management skills in a professional environment and learn from 
industry -leading professionals.  
 EDUCATION  
Bachelor of Engineer (Computer Engineering)  | Pune Institute of 
Computer Technology (PICT)  
2020 – 2024  
 
Exam  Name of Institute  Board  Marks 
Obtained  Year of 
Passing  
SE PICT  SPPU  8.2 (CGPA)  2022  
FE PICT  SPPU  9.66 (CGPA)  2021  
XIIth SP College  HSC 87.08%  2020  
Xth Jnana Prabodhini Prashala  CBSE  94.8%  2018  
 
 
 INTERNSHIPS  
Software Intern  | Prismatic Software  
February  2023 – Present  
Projec t Name : Automation using Selenium  
Automated the process of API testing with multiple test cases using Selen ium Web 
Driver for Chrome. This also included retrieving data for test cases from csv files.  
 
Business and Marketing Lead  | Tejomay a Yuvak Prabodhan Udyog  
August 2021 – November 2021  
Working at Tejomaya Solar Products, an initiative by Yuvak Prabodhan Udyog, tasked 
with market analysis for startup venture and survey and making business projections 
accordingly. Implemented innovative marketing strategies resulting in a business 
volume o f 4.5 lakh Rupees with 15% profitability.  Was involved in budgeting, finance 
management, order management, logistics and P&L management.  2  
 
 SKILLS  
Programming: Python (Pandas, NumPy, Matplotlib, Seaborn), SQL , C++  
Data Visualization: Excel, Google Sheets, Tableau, Power BI  
Other: Leadership,  Problem – Solving , Critical thinking, Efficient communication , 
Research Oriented Approach  
 
CO-CURRICULAR PR OJECT S: 
Database Connectivity:  
A flight booking system using python, flask with MySQL connectivity. The project had 
multiple html pages and user,  admin login.  
 
 Python Web Scraping:  
 Automate d the scraping of data from a website selling secondhand cars, using python       
 libraries like selenium, pandas and NumPy.  The results from above were published in a    
 csv file and analysis was performed.  
      
 Forage Data Visualization  Internship:  
 Explored various data analysis and visualization techniques using basics of   
 PowerBi.  
 
 EXTRA CURRICULAR PROJECTS:  
  Volunteering at Jnana Prabodhini:  
  Worked as a part of planning and organizing team for various activities such as   
  Ganpati Pathak, volunteer work  in remote villages  related to watershed               
  management , team b uilding and  leadership activitie s through sports, entrepreneurial  
  skill development for social cause.  
     
  Research  Project:  
  Title : To study the phenomenon of color fading on different materials due to various        
  components.   
 The project includ ed: 
• All stages of research like abstraction, literature  
  survey, gathering data using scientific techniques  to calculate the color fading . 
•   Data analysis to obtain useful inferences.   
 
 