SAVANI PRAVIN KALEKAR
@savanikalekar@gmail.com ♂phone+91-7058444221
♂¶ap-¶arkerKatraj, Pune, India /githubSavaniKalekar /linkedinsavani-kalekar
EXPERIENCE
NodeJS Developer
Bajaj Finserv
Ὄ513th March 2023-12th May 2023 ♂¶ap-¶arkerPune
•Experienced chat app developer proﬁcient in the MERN stack,
specializing in real-time communication and sockets.
•Skilled in designing and developing secure chat applications.
•Implementing socket-based solutions for real-time chat and seam-
less user experiences.
PROJECTS
Project 1
Food Ordering App
•Food Ordering App developed using the MERN (MongoDB, Ex-
press.js, React.js, Node.js) stack.
•The app includes features such as user management, a menu and
ordering system, an admin panel with role-based access control
for updating the stock.
•It provides a seamless and user-friendly experience for customers
while empowering administrators to eﬃciently manage the appli-
cation.
•Link: https:/ /food-ordering-app-0jfx.onrender.com/login
Project 2
Inventory Management System
•Proﬁcient in PHP, HTML, and CSS, developed and maintained
eﬃcient inventory management system.
•Specialize in creating user-friendly interfaces, implementing back-
end functionalities, and integrating databases for accurate inven-
tory tracking and optimization.
Project 3
Help Desk GPA Portal
•The HelpDeskGPA Portal is a web application designed for the
students of Government Polytechnic Awasari (GPA) college and
the residents of Manchar city.
•Using the Django Framework and a SQLite3 database, the portal
oﬀers students access to the contact details of GPA staﬀ mem-
bers. Additionally, both citizens and students can ﬁnd contact
information for local businesses such as shopkeepers, hotels,
hospitals, and more.
•The portal also features state-wise COVID-19 information, pro-
viding users with updates and statistics related to the pandemic.
•Link: https:/ /helpdeskgpa.pythonanywhere.com/SKILLS
•Programming Languages
C, C++, Java Core, Python Core, JavaScript
•Development
HTML, CSS, NodeJS, Django
•Database
Oracle, MySQL, MongoDB
MOST PROUD OF
Ἴ6Salesforce Virtual Internship
/heartbeatPersistent Foundation’s Kiran Scholar
/fileParticipated in Smart India Hackathon
STRENGTHS
Adaptable Communication
Motivator & Leader
EDUCATION
B.E. in Information Technology
Pune Institute of Computer Technology,
(PICT)
Ὄ52021 – 2024 | Pune, India
Cum. GPA: 8.38 / 10.0
Post SSC Diploma in Computer Engi-
neering
Government Polytechnic Awasari, (GPA)
Ὄ52018 – 2021 | Pune, India
Final Year Percentage: 97.31%
Secondary School in SSC Board
Shree Anantrao Kulkarni English Medium
School (SAKEMS)
Ὄ52017 - 2018 | Pune, India
Class X Percentage: 91.00 %