SHASHIKANT DESHMUKH
9421662819 |shashikantdeshmukh736@gmail.com |shashikant-deshmukh-9302901b9/ |github.com/shashikantdeshmukh
Objective
A result-driven student, passionate about developing user-friendly software applications. Excellent problem-solving skills
and ability to perform well in a team. Seeking to help organizations to develop their product as a software engineer, as well
as develop my own skills as a coder.
Education
SCTR’s Pune Institute of Computer Technology Pune, India
B.E. in Electronics and Telecommunication(CGPA -8.14) 2020 - 2024
Deogiri College Aurangabad,India
Class XII 2019
Pravara Central Public School Pravaranagar,India
Class X 2017
Experience
SCTR’s Pune Institute of Computer Technology
Cloud Computing Intern
•Successfully completed a technical internship at SCTR’s Pune Institute of Computer Technology, Pune under
Industry Connect Course on Cloud Computing, organized by Department of Electronics and Telecommunication
Engineering in association with TP cell for 4 weeks.
•During my tenure as an intern, I worked efficiently on Cloud Computing using Amazon Web Services (AWS).
Projects
Sorting Visualizer |React.Js
∗Sorting visualizer that visualizes various sorting algorithms.It uses ReactJs and sorting algorithm.
∗Designed an intuitive user interface that enables real-time visualization of sorting processes, demonstrating
effective data visualization techniques.
Travel Services and Hospitality System |Java, MySQL
∗Travel Services and Hospitality System in Java and MySQL is a user-friendly and efficient application that caters
to travel agencies, tour operators, and related businesses.
∗Implemented user-friendly interfaces forr both travelers and administrators.
∗By leveraging the power of technology, this system simplifies the complexities of travel planning and enhances the
overall experience for both travelers and administrators.
Skills
Languages : C++, Java
Databases : MySQL
Courses :Data Structures, Algorithms, Object Oriented Programming, DBMS, Operating Systems
Developer Tools : VS Code , Eclipse
Participations and Achievements
•PICT ACM Just Coding Event participation.
•Participated in Impetus and Concepts’23 Organized by Pune Institute Of Computer Technology.
•Participated in Inter School Basketball Competition Organized by Ministry of Youth and Sports,Govt of India.
Certifications
•Object Oriented Programming Using C++