Shivam Dhonde shiva2shivam@gmail.com
Pune,India Linkedin
Computer Engineer GitHub
A passionate being who desires to learn, experiment and explore technical, analytical +919822225335
and problem-solving skills and has an interest in solving various Algorithm problems.
Education
•Pune Institute Of Computer Technology Pune
Bachelor in Computer Engineering; CGPA: 9.37 2020 - 2024
•Deogiri College Aurangabad
Higher Secondary Education; Percentage: 95.08 2018 - 2020
•Chate School Aurangabad
Matriculate, Class X, Percentage: 93.40 2018
Skills Summary
•Languages : C++, C, Java, SQL, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Typescript
•Frameworks : React JS, Bootstrap, Material UI
•Tools : GIT, Visual Studio Code, Github
•Soft Skills : Presentation, Team Work, Leadership, Critical Thinking
•Courses : OOPS, Database Management, Data Structures and Algorithms and Computer Network.
Experience
Barclays - Software Developer Intern June-July 2023
•Built a JIRA utility to track the progress of teams and see the Lead time of the overall software Development process.
•Built the UI for the project, created JQL , and displayed fetched data in the forms of various tables.
•Implemented the concepts of concepts Data Grids, filtered fetching andformatting fetched data by using
Typescript.
•Worked on technologies such as React using Typescript ,Material UI, ChartJS .
•Learnt uilization of JIRA for streamlined task tracking, workflow management, and cross-functional collaboration in
software development projects.
Personal Projects
Crypto Tracker /github-square:
●Primary goal of this web application is to track different Crpytocurrencies’ information.
●Real time value of cryptocurrencies,their exchange rates in USD andINR , its change in price in last 24 hrs/ 30 days/
3 months/ 1 year and current market cap is shown.
●Track record of different currencies in chart structure according to different timespans(24 hrs,30 days, 3 months, 1 year)
through CoinGecko API .
●Worked on technologies such as ReactJS, MaterialUI, ChartJS
Career Chats :
●Created a collaborative plaform that empowers college seniors to share esential suggestions, including interview
experiences and more, catering the needs of college juniors.
●User can create, delete and update a post used JWT for user authorization
●Worked on technologies such as ReactJS, MySQL, ExpressJS and NodeJS .
Achievements
●Won National level Impetus and Concepts (InC) Competition PICT.
●Solved over 300+ questions on various coding platforms.
●AIR 262 among 1.5lac+ Students in MHT-CET exam 2020.
Position of Responsibility
Training & Placement Cell Head - Computer Engineering Department,PICT
Coding Circle Head - PICT CSI Student Branch (PCSB)
Coding Profile Links
Codechef: //Shivam d27 Leetcode: //ShivamD27 Codeforces: //shivamd27