Shivprasad Chaudhari
Survey no. 32/10,Near Aditya Hostel Ambegaon Bk, Ganesh Housing Society, Shreeram Building, Bharti
Vidyapeeth back, Pune,Maharashtra 411046
/ne+91- 9545440599 shivprasadchaudhari2310@gmail.com Shivprasad
OBJECTIVE
A result-driven student, passionate about developing user-friendly software applications. Excellent problem-solving skills and
ability to perform well in a team. Seeking to help organizations to develop their product as a software engineer, as well as
develop my own skills as a coder.
EDUCATION
PUNE INSTITUTE OF COMPUTER TECHNOLOGY 2020 – 2024
-BE in Electronics and Telecommunication - CGPA -9.025 Pune, India
Deogiri College 2017 – 2019
-Class XII - Percentage -78.92% Aurangabad, India
Jain International School
-Class X - Percentage -94.8% Aurangabad, India
EXPERIENCE
SCTR’s Pune Institute of Computer Technology ,Pune
Cloud Computing Intern
•Successfully completed a technical internship at SCTR’s Pune Institute of Computer Technology, Pune under Industry
Connect Course on Cloud Computing, organized by Department of Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering in
association with TnP cell for 4 weeks.
•During my tenure as an intern, I worked efficiently on Cloud Computing using Amazon Web Services (AWS).
PROJECTS
Sorting Visualizer |React.Js
∗Sorting visualizer that visualizes various sorting algorithms.It uses ReactJs and sorting algorithm.
∗Designed an intuitive user interface that enables real-time visualization of sorting processes, demonstrating effective data
visualization techniques.
Travel Services and Hospitality System |Java, MySQL
∗Travel Services and Hospitality System in Java and MySQL is a user-friendly and efficient application that caters to travel
agencies, tour operators, and related businesses.
∗Implemented user-friendly interfaces forr both travelers and administrators.
∗By leveraging the power of technology, this system simplifies the complexities of travel planning and enhances the overall
experience for both travelers and administrators.
SKILLS
Languages: C++, Java
Databases: MySQL
Developer Tools: VS Code, Eclipse
Cources: Data Structures, Algorithms, Object Oriented Programming , DBMS, Operating Systems
CERTIFICATIONS
•Object Oriented Programming in C++
PARTICIPATION and ACHIEVEMENTS
•Participated in Impetus and Concepts’23 Organized by Pune Institute Of Computer Technology.
•PICT ACM Just Coding Event participation.
•Participated in ”Innovative India Coding Championship” organized by Coding Ninja in association with Chandigarh
University.