SOHEL SHAIKH
Pune Institute Of Computer Technology
sohelshaikh23.02@gmail.com /gtbhttps:/ /github.com/sohelslicing /♀nednhttps:/ /www.linkedin.com/in/sohelshaikh2302
Pune, Maharashtra - India
Content based Anime Recommendation
System
•Developed an interactive Streamlit web ap-
plication that allows anime enthusiasts to dis-
cover new shows based on their preferences.
•shows similar to the one you’ve selected. Uses
sklearn’s Countvectorizer and the concept
of ’bag of words’ to ﬁnd anime similar to our
selected show.
•Tech Stack: Python, Streamlit, SKlearn, Py-
Charm, Heroku
EXPERIENCE
Python Machine Learning Developer
- Intern.
Zapient Digital
ὌOCT 2022 - April 2023
•Worked on implementing a data pipeline to
convert data from customers to format suit-
able for ML operation.
•Researched and implemented proof of con-
cept models using Spacy, N grams, and BERT
to evaluate their eﬀectiveness in achieving
the organisation’s goal. One of which was
selected for production. Optimized backend
eﬃciency by replacing the data classiﬁcation
model, leading to reduced processing time and
computational resources.
•Tech Stack: Python, BERT, Flask, PostgreSQL,
Excel, Bit bucket, HTML
Head of Electronics.
PICT Robotics
ὌJULY 2022 - JUNE 2023
•Design and Develop Electronic systems, con-
trol systems, PCBs, ﬁrmware for robocon
robots, Create documentation and perform
testing of said systems.
•Delegate tasks and responsibilities to juniors
to facilitate their learning. Take interviews and
recruit new talent for the club.
•https:/ /github.com/PICT-Robotics-
23/Elephant-Robot – Documentation to all
the source code developed in 2023
HOBBIES
•Robotics, Tech blogs, Computer Hardware.
•Greek Mythology, Philosophy, Fantasy, Anime.
•Video Games: Base Builders, Survival, FPS.TECHNICAL SKILLS
•languages: Python, C++, C, HTML, SQLite.
•Frameworks/Libraries: Flask, Streamlit, sci-kit learn, Tensor-
Flow, Keras.
•Tools: VS Code, Git, GitHub, AWS beanstalk, Heroku.
•Domains: Data Structures and Algorithms, Database Manage-
ment, Machine Learning, Natural Language processing, Data
Analytics, EDA, Computer Networks, Electronics System De-
sign, Operating Systems.
ACHIEVEMENTS
•Head of Electronics @ PICT Robotics
•AIR 06 in DD ROBOCON 2022
•University topper at Guru Gobind Singh Polytechnic
EDUCATION
B.E. (ETC) - 8.87 CGPA
Pune Institute of Computer Technology
Ὄ2021 – Present
Diploma (ETC) - 96.35%
Maharashtra State Board of Technical Education, Mumbai
Ὄ2018 – 2021
Secondary - 82.40%
Maharashtra State Board of Secondary and Higher Sec-
ondary Education, Pune
Ὄ2018
PROJECTS
Time Series Analysis for Local Stores
•Developed a robust web application using Flask to empower
local vendors with a comprehensive solution for managing
their products, transactions, and inventory.
•Forecasts future sales allowing vendors to avoid product
shortages and reduce excess inventory
•Tech Stack: Python, Flask, HTML, CSS, ARIMA, SARIMA, Pan-
das, SQLite3