Tejas Padhiyar
♂phone+91 97656-08601 |/envel⌢petejaspad240@gmail.com |/linkedintejas-padhiyar |/githubtejwhatsnew
Education
Bachelor of Engineering, Computer Engineering Pune, Maharashtra
8.53 CGPA 2021 – Pursuing
Diploma, Information Technology Kopargaon, Maharashtra
97.75% 2018 – 2021
Secondary School Certificate(SSC) Kopargaon, Maharashtra
91% 2017 – 2018
Projects
Grapple.VR |Unity Engine, MagicaVoxel, Visual Studios, C#
•Experience in Grapple.VR is a virtual reality game that involves climbing blocks using a Spiderman-like string
mechanism.
•Link to Project Drive
Style My Space (3D) |XCode, SwiftUI
•It is an app for interior designers to clearly present their ideas and imagination to customers using 3D objects and
AR. It includes different types of tables, decors, lights, etc according to their category. As it is developed in SwiftUI
it can run only on iPhones.
•Link to Project Drive
Skills
Languages : C/C++,Java, Python, MySQL, Swift
CS Fundamentals : Object Oriented Programming, Data Structures and Algorithms
Tools : Android Studio, Unity Engine, Canva, Figma, MagicaVoxel, AnimeToon, VS Code
Soft Skills : Leadership, Team-management, Time-management, Problem Solving, Decision Making
Extra-Curricular
Secretary at PICT ACM Student Chapter (PASC)
Leading team of over 150+ volunteers.
•Sessions organized according to technical topics, including ”Tech Talk with Arsh,” ”Engineering 101: Journey to
FAANG,” and ”Crack Internship With PASC.”
•Organized and Lead various Tech and Non-Tech events as part of the national-level annual flagship event,
PULZION’23, and PULZION’22.
•A Special Interest Group (SIG) was held to cover the fundamentals of Python for the First Year students.
ACM Summit
Volunteered for on-site management at the national-level ACM summit event.
Course on AR/VR
50 Hours Hands-on Workshop on AR-VR
•Have acquired proficiency in utilizing AnimeToon, MagicVoxel, and the Unity Engine, and upon completing the
course, successfully developed a virtual reality game by employing these software tools, which is Grapple.vr.
•Link of the certificate
Hobbies and Interests
•Photography
•Poster Making
•Dancing