Yashraj Thakur Email: yashrajthakur1021@gmail.com
Linkedin: linkedin.com/in/yashraj-thakur Mobile: 7447694670
Github: https://github.com/yashraj1021
Education
•Pune Institute of Computer Technology Pune, India
Bachelor of Engineering - Information Technology 2020 - Present
•HPT Arts and RYK Science College Nashik, India
HSC XII 2018 - 2020
•Kilbil St Joseph’s High School Nashik, India
SSC X 2018
Projects
•Bookstore Management System (Using Golang and MySQL) :
◦The System aims to build a comprehensive and efficient software using the Go programming language, with MySQL as
the underlying database, to facilitate the seamless management of a book store’s inventory and records.
◦This API will provide booksellers and administrators with a comprehensive set of functionalities and its user-friendly
design and robust architecture will make it an essential component of any modern bookstore’s digital infrastructure.
◦Golang provides fast execution time allows servers to handle requests quickly, leading to reduced response times and
better overall application performance.
◦Techstack: Golang, MySQL.
•Slackbot for file-uploading (Golang slackbot) :
◦The File Uploading Slack Bot project aims to create a custom Slack bot using the Go programming language and the
Slack API to facilitate seamless and efficient file sharing within Slack channels.
◦The bot will automate the process of uploading files to Slack, making it easy for users to share documents, images, and
other files with their team members effortlessly.
◦The project will support customizable settings for the bot, enabling workspace administrators to define permissions,
access levels, and file upload guidelines.
◦Techstack: Golang, Slack-API.
•Chat-GPT3 CLI Tool :
◦The Chat-GPT3 CLI Tool is a command-line interface application built by using the OpenAI provided API whic in the
Go programming language to allow users to have interactive and dynamic conversations with the AI model in a simple
and convenient manner,
◦Golang was chosen for this project due to its performance, simplicity, and ease of deployment. Its concurrency support
allows the CLI tool to handle multiple user inputs concurrently, making it efficient for handling real-time interactive
conversations.
◦The tool with additional customization and modifications could result in the most efficient software for preforming
desired actions like automation, validation, encryption, chatbot etc.
◦Techstack: Golang, OpenAI-API.
Skills Summary
◦Languages : C++, C, Python, Golang, SQL.
◦Fundamentals : Operating systems, DBMS, Object Oriented Programming, Data Structures and Algorithms.
◦Frameworks : R, Scikit, Sklearn, Numpy, Pandas.
◦Tools : GIT, MySQL, SQLite.
◦Platforms : Linux, Windows.
◦Soft Skills : Leadership, Event Management, Teamwork, Writing, Time Management.
◦Additional Skills : Adobe Premiere Pro, Adobe Audition, Adobe Photoshop
Extracurricular Activities
•Athletics: Won annual athletics event at district level.
•Football: Won Inter-college football championship at district level.
Volunteer Experience
•Organizing committee, PICT InC (Impetus and Concepts 22’) : Transport and hospitality coordinator.
•Organizing committee, PICT InC (Impetus and Concepts 23’) : Hospitality coordinator, Responsible for billing and
accounting.