YASH RUPCHANDANI
+91 7798180537 Pune, India
yashrupchandani432@gmail.com linkedin.com/in/yash-rupchandani/
EDUCATION
Pune Institute of Computer Technology Pune, India
B.E - Electronics and Telecommunication, CGPA: 8.9 Expected{2024
St. Lawrence High School and Junior College Nashik, India
12th grade - Secured 85.38 percentage (HSC) 2020
Smita Patil Public School Shirpur, India
10th grade - Secured 93 percentage (CBSE) 2018
PROJECTS
College ERP System
MySQL and Django
•A College ERP System based on Django and DBMS is like a digital assistant for colleges.
•It helps manage everything related to students, courses, and sta. It stores all the information securely in a
database. It keeps track of student details, attendance, grades, etc.
•The ERP system manages information about faculty and sta, including their qualications, teaching assign-
ments, and contact details.
•As a contributor, my primary focus was on developing the robust database functionality and smooth experience.
RecipeBook - Your Online Cooking Companion
MySQL and Django
•RecipeBook is a Django-based web application that serves as an online cooking companion, helping users discover,
store, and share their favorite recipes.
•It oers a user-friendly interface to manage and explore various recipes, making cooking a delightful experience.
•Each recipe page presents a detailed view with ingredients, cooking instructions, cooking time, and serving size.
Users can follow step-by-step instructions to recreate the dishes successfully.
•My primary contribution revolved around the crucial aspect of database management, ensuring smooth data
storage and retrieval processes for recipes information.
SKILLS
Technical skills C C++ DSA OOP DBMS My-SQL Java (Beginner) HTML CSS
Soft Skills Problem Solving Public Speaking Finance & Management Leadership Teamwork
VOLUNTEERING EXPERIENCE
PICT IEEE Student Branch (PISB) October 2021 { Ongoing
Member
•PISB is the oldest technical club of PICT.As a volunteer, I happily took part in many club activities and projects,
and it was a fullling and enjoyable experience.
•One of the main responsibilities as a volunteer was to actively participate in the planning and execution of
tech-related events, workshops, and seminars.