Yash Chopade
PICT, Pune-411043
♂phone7887668846
/envel⌢peyashchopade2002@gmail.com /linkedinYash-Chopade-5832171 /githubChopadeYash
I am a highly motivated and fast-learning fourth-year Information Technology student with a strong track record in creative
problem-solving and attention to detail. Eager to contribute to team success through hard work, conceptual thinking, and
organizational abilities. Passionate about continuous learning and making a meaningful impact in the world of technology.
Education
Pune Institute of Computer Technology 2020 – Present
Bachelor of Engineering in Information Technology - 8.91 CGPA Pune, Maharashtra
G.S Science, Arts and Commerce College 2020
[Mh State Board] H.S.C - 73.69% Maharashtra
Sanskar Dnyanpeeth, Khamgaon 2018
[CBSE] S.S.C - 93.4% Khamgaon, Maharashtra
Technical Skills
Programming Languages : C++, Python, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, React.js
Database Management Systems : MongoDB, MySQL
Developer Tools : git, GitHub, VS Code, Eclipse
Operating Systems : Windows, Linux (Ubuntu)
Good Understanding of : Data Structures, Object Oriented Programming
Internship
Cloud Infrastructure Deployment with OpenStack April 2023
•Inhouse internship at PICT, focused on deploying a private cloud using OpenStack.
•Implemented virtual cloud infrastructure and network services for seamless connectivity.
•Gained hands-on experience in manual installation and configuration of OpenStack components.
Projects
Blog Posting Website |MERN |MongoDB |Express.js |React.js |Node.js April 2023
•Dynamic platform allowing users to create and share their thoughts through engaging blog posts.
•Implemented seamless data management and a responsive interface with real-time updates.
LoanSure: Loan Prediction System |Python |Streamlit November 2022
•Program that predicts loan eligibility based on basic inputs like income and CIBIL score.
•Used Pandas, Numpy, Matplotlib, Seaborn, and sklearn libraries for analysis and prediction.
Anti-theft Security System |Embedded C |Arduino May 2022
•Programmed an Arduino Wemos D1 to send WiFi notifications based on laser beam intensity.
•Used LDR sensor for detecting the laser beam intensity and checking for disruptions.
Cars Showroom Management System |MySQL |CSS April 2022
•Developed a basic web page showing the stocks of cars and orders using MySQL and CSS.
To-do list |C++,Data Structure February 2022
•To-do lists app that runs on terminal and uses Linked List data structures to ‘add‘, ‘complete‘ and ‘quit‘ tasks.
Course Care: Informative Web pages |HTML, CSS November 2021
•Dynamic web platform providing a guide to technical languages in computer science.
•Developed using HTML, CSS, and Bootstrap.
Hobbies and Interests
Playing Badminton and Chess
Watching Stock Market related videos